
I am the thing that keeps you up at night. The evil that haunts every dark corner of your mind. I will never rest and neither will you.
They realized that lightning was more beautiful than thunder was frightening.
Hekate collected the blood of Behemoth under a new moon and added to it honey, rain and wine. This she poured into the mouths of her most favored creatures. These creatures thereafter healed swiftly from even the most grievous wounds.
Agathion is the deepest area of Pandemonium and is generally sealed off from the rest of the plane. Where Pandesmos has wide-open caverns, Agathion has narrow caves that eventually dwindle to pocket spaces within the infinite rock. It is said that deities use these sealed off areas, which are nearly impossible to get to, to store indestructible artifacts or deity-level monsters that could not be killed. Entry to these pocket areas is notoriously hard; each space only has one portal in and out, while some areas are so ancient that their portal could have been destroyed eons past.
I have seen the Hidden One who is therein. I was hidden, but I found the boundary. I journeyed to Nerutef, and he who was therein covered me with a garment. I have myrrh of women, together with the shenu powder of living folk. Verily he (Osiris) told me the things that concerned himself. I said: Let thy weighing of me be even as we desire.
The original Fenrir (of which these monsters are just the offspring) was the product of Loki and the giantess Angrboda. The gods raised the wolf in Asgard, but only Tyr had the courage to feed it. Unfortunately, the wolf grew larger and larger until nothing could chain him down. Finally the dwarves made a chain out of the roots of a mountain, silence of a moving cat, and the breath of a fish. In order to trick Fenrir into moving close enough to be chained, Tyr offered him food, and in retribution, the wolf bit off his arm. Fenrir then began to howl until the gods stuck a sword in his mouth as a gag. At Ragnarok, Fenrir is fated to break his chains and kill Odin. 
Styx was blessed with an Olympian clam, drawing the attention of the Bulbs and other, small vegetal creatures, who became catalysts for his magic.
If the path I walk is beside you, I don't question where it leads.
Powerful is the soul of Ra.
Ocellar (orbicular) varieties of gabbro can be used as ornamental facing stones, paving stones and it is also known by the trade name of 'black granite', which is a popular type of graveyard headstone used in funerary rites. It is also used in kitchens and their countertops, also under the misnomer of 'black granite'.
Did I ever tell you the definition of insanity?. Yes, I have.
Looks like meat is back on the menu.
"Tresserhorn is ours now. Dredge the lake and bring me all the bones you find. We'll build you a new army, the likes of which Terisiare has never seen."
-Heidar, Rimewind master, to Haakon
Do you wanna hear about the deal I'm making ?
Finally, I was afraid that you wanted me to prove you wrong again and again. At least you finally realize that you are no match for me. --xbox360mofo
All things are poison, and nothing is without poison, the dosage alone makes it so a thing is not a poison.
 
Concealed within his fortress, the Lord of Mordor sees all - his gaze pierces cloud, shadow, earth and flesh. You know of what I speak, Gandalf - a great Eye. lidless. wreathed in flame.
Do not be yoked together with unbelievers. For what do righteousness and wickedness have in common? Or what fellowship can light have with darkness?
That is not dead which can eternal lie, And with strange aeons even death may die
You know when I feel closest to our Maker? When I see suffering, pain, and anguish. That's when the true design of this world is revealed.
She wasn't gonna let death get in the way of her job.